hi everybody today i want to recap an
action movie called hansel and gretel
the witch hunter hope you enjoy
[Music]
the film begins with the classic fairy
tale abandoned by their father in a
forest young hansel and gretel enter a
gingerbread house and are captured by a
cannibalistic witch
[Music]
the witch forces hansel to continuously
eat sweets to fatten him up and enslaves
gretel
the siblings outsmart her and incinerate
her in the oven
[Music]
in the 15 years that follow hansel and
gretel become famed witch hunters
slaying hundreds of witches
now adults hansel and gretel arrive in
the town of augsburg and prevent sheriff
behringer from executing a beautiful
young woman named mina for witchcraft
mayor engelman has hired the siblings to
rescue the town's missing children who
are presumed abducted by witches
behringer hires trackers for the same
mission in the hopes of disgracing the
mayor and cementing his power
hansel and gretel capture the horned
witch and discover that the witches are
preparing for the coming blood moon
where they plan to sacrifice 12 children
to gain immunity to fire their greatest
weakness
the grand witch muriel attacks the town
with her army and abducts another child
oh my god
[Music]
good news
she attacks gretel and she rescued by
ben a local teenager and avid fan of
theirs who plans to become a witch
hunter himself
the next morning mina finds hansel stuck
in a tree and takes him to a nearby
spring where she heals his wounds and
they make love in the healing waters of
the spring
when searching for hansel gretel is
attacked by bearing her and his posse
who beat her before being stopped by
muriel's troll
the troll kills barringer and his men he
tells gretel that his name is edward and
tells gretel that he helped her because
trolls serve witches
later hansel and gretel discover an
abandoned cabin that they learn as a
witch's lair in their childhood home
muriel confronts them and tells them the
truth of their past
[Music]
hansel and gretel's mother was a white
witch named adriana who married a farmer
[Music]
on the night of the last blood moon
muriel planned to use the heart of the
white witch to complete her potion
she found adriana too powerful and
decided to use gretel's heart instead
to get rid of adriana she revealed to
the townspeople that adriana was a witch
the resulting angry mob burned her alive
and hanged hansel and gretel's father
who had been trying to protect them by
leaving them in the forest
the siblings battle muriel before she
stabs hansel and abducts gretel to
complete her long due ceremony
hansel wakes up with mina who reveals
herself to be a white witch
she heals him again and uses a grimoire
to bless his arsenal of weapons
hansel mina and ben disrupt the blood
moon sabbath
mina slaughters the dark witches with a
gatling gun while hansel frees the
children
edward defies muriel and releases gretel
before muriel throws him off the cliff
hansel ben and mina follow muriel's
trail to the original gingerbread house
now rotted and decayed
muriel kills mina before hansel shoots
her
the siblings engage muriel in a brutal
fight that ends with gretel decapitating
her with a shovel
they burn her body on a pyre and collect
their reward for rescuing the children
in the end they head out on their next
witch hunt now accompanied by ben and
edward thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video
you